Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team

NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It’s a place where passionate individuals come together to create the future of sport. We are unapologetic about who we are and what we’re after—bringing innovation and inspiration to every athlete* in the world. We look for athletes who can push boundaries, elevate our potential and continue leading us to greatness. The next tastemakers, playmakers, risk takers and glue players. Are you game?

WHO YOU’LL WORK WITH

This role is within the Nike Retail Marketing Mexico team and reports directly into the Account Marketing Sr Manager. The role collaborates closely with Partner Transformation, Visual Merchandising, Ekin, Sales, Merch and Brand teams to develop retail marketing plans and executions in the marketplace. External partnerships include Retail Parnters, creative agencies, suppliers, and vendors.

APLA Geo and Latam Retail Marketing: including Partnership Transformation, Visual Merchandising, EKINs and Operations.
LATAM Brand Marketing: Global Football, Running, Training and Kids.
Sales and SMD´s: including Merchandising, Business, Integration, and Marketplace Supply Chain
Partner teams: across marketing, retail, planning, merchandising, and e-commerce.
WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR

Nike is seeking a highly organized and motivated creative individual who is passionate about retail executions with strong brand storytelling. This person is driven and a doer, with a sharp eye for detail, thrives in a dynamic, ever-evolving environment.  They are passionate about sport, retail, and consumer journeys to deliver the best experience through stores. This person embraces challenging conversations with external partners (agencies & retailers) and communicates clearly to a broad and diverse audience.

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of relevant education, experience in executions at Retail stores launching a campaign, Visual merchandising and planning consumer journey.
6+ years of retail- marketing and Visual Merchandising execution experience. Mid-large fleet and marketplace partner experience.
A track record of implementing a test and learn offense, with a consumer first mindset. Shown ability of adapting to change in business needs or direction.
Strategy and goal-set oriented to ensure the executions at Retail are happening in a premium and consumer centered way.
WHAT YOU’LL WORK ON

You’ll be responsible for developing and executing retail elevation strategies for Nike with our partner retail doors. From working with our Sale teams, Brand Marketing team and SMD´s to determine seasonal priorities, elevating Nike stories with our retail partners, scaling proven concepts, to working in partnership with our Visual Merchandising and Partnership Transformation teams, you’ll work cross-functionally to bring the best executions of Nike to life in our Partner doors:

Lead and develop retail marketing premium execution for the Mexico marketplace for Sporting goods partners. Aligning strategy to Sport Strategy and Priorities with our Sales and consumer needs.
Adopt and adapt retail excellence principles at the marketplace to win with seasonal and seasonless initiatives to win at the moment of truth executing Global Sport Brand direction.
Deliver clear direction to agencies and retail partners to execute and maintain retail marketing and visual merchandising Sport Brand standards with our marketplace partners including, Sporting goods, and Sport Specialty.
Become the Sport retail expert on marketplace partners to lead the ideation and creation of consumer-right journey and experiences across diverse partner retail environments.
Build a strong relationship with our APLA Geo Retail marketing and Partner Transformation teams to ensure they are delivering the tools and guidance we need to ensure premium executions.
NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.

NIKE, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.